
__Personal Goals:__

Shreyansh Kumar:

Patrick Ghandour: Patrick has had experience working on both the front-end and the back-end of mobile applications. Since he prefers the back-end, he has been assigned to the back-end team. Given that he's familiar with Express, his goals for this project is to better familiarize himself with designing a RESTful API, learning how to use Firebase as a database and user management system, as well as learning how to improve his TDD and CI knowledge and experience.

Ryan Ro:

Raymond Choi: Raymond is looking to expand his knowledge in the back end of web systems. His goal is to learn more about APIs. Both the use and the design (creation) of one. He is also looking to expand his knowledge with databases and their interation into web systems.

Tim Xie: Looking for hand-on practice and experience on some larger projects, especially the enteraction between front/backend. 

__Team Goals:__

Learning about more APIs that are available online is a team goal that we all agreed on. APIs such as Twilio and Google Maps will provide features are useful for Haier users. For example, Twilio can be used to send SMS messages. It can be integrated into the account creation process so that real phone numbers are given and users can be confirmed as being real users. Furthermore, we can also include it to increase security through 2-factor authentication. A robust account creation system will therefore be a major focus in our development of Haier. Furthermore, it is also extremely important that our users can view responses and requests for jobs. To help, we will integrate Google Maps into the UI to show what jobs are available in the vicinity of the user. Therefore, there will be a signficant focus on user interface design and implementation. We need to get this part right, or else the app will have no chance of success. We also want to focus our attention on the way users interact with the webpage to select jobs and to view more information about them. There are many paths we can take (modals, separate pages, pop-ups) and this is a design decision we'll have to evaluate.

The benefit of all this, is that a lot can be learned from the use of APIs as it expands our knowledge of what can be done or done easier in future projects. It will introduce our team to new resources that will benefit us, especially professionally if we seek to enter the web or mobile development job market.

One of the great features of React is its extensive library for the development of clean and simple UI. So one of our team goals is to learn how to use React to create a simple, responsive and interactive user interface. Learning React will be very beneficial for our team as its a new and growing library. The supply of positions that require knowledge of React is growing. However, one of the secondary benefits of using React is that it will let us create and get an understanding of what a good interface looks like, and what are the steps required in designing and implementing it correctly and effectively.

Every member of the team has taken a database course, thus we are all interested in the integration of a database into the backend of a website. A database will be able to keep track of all users, their login credentials and general user information for Haier. The database will also be able to keep track of all the available jobs and make applying filters to the user’s preferences extremely efficient. Learning how a database is integrated into a website is important because as the world is becoming more and more connected, the web is used more and more. However, with the increase of people connecting to the internet, it also comes with an increase in cyber threats and attacks. As a result, it is important to learn how to securily handle, and implement a user system. Learning about how to keep it secure, how to use it to improve effeciency and how to maintain and design a scalable database is definitely experience and knowledge that will come to good use in our professional careers.

One of our team learning goals are to learn how to use Kanban effectively in a software development ecosystem. The Kanban board will allow the team to view and update the progress of the developement quickly and simply. It will also allow for work to be pulled by individuals in the team rather than pushed to individuals. Which will improve our efficiency when working together, so we can focus on parts that are integrated. Given that we are all students and we all cannot devote all of our time to this project, Kanban lets us have an incremental ecosystem that lets us develop at our own pace and schedules.

From our learning goals we have determined which parts of Haier will be the most important to develop and the focus of our attention. As mentioned earlier the login system, job posts, job requests, and the display of jobs are the most important parts of Haier. These parts will create the most useful workflow for a user. A user will be able to create an account, view the available jobs and when a suitable is found request a job. The user will also be able to list a job and accept requests. As these parts of Haier will be an extremely heavy workload, we may have to omit the job log. The log, is intended to show what jobs a user has done in the past. It is not integral to the rest of system, so it does not have to be included for our MVP. We may also have to omit Paypal integration, where users are paid through Paypal when a job is completed. Lastly, we will also probably omit the reporting system in which an admin resolves conflicts between users in regards to payment and job completion. 
